then job answered how long will you
then job answered how long will you torment my soul and break me in pieces
torment my soul and break me in pieces
torment my soul and break me in pieces with words these ten times you ever
with words these ten times you ever
with words these ten times you ever approached me you are not ashamed that
approached me you are not ashamed that
approached me you are not ashamed that you have brought me and if indeed I have
you have brought me and if indeed I have
you have brought me and if indeed I have erred my error remains with me if indeed
erred my error remains with me if indeed
erred my error remains with me if indeed you exalt yourselves against me and
you exalt yourselves against me and
you exalt yourselves against me and plead my disgrace against me know then
plead my disgrace against me know then
plead my disgrace against me know then that God has wronged me and has
that God has wronged me and has
that God has wronged me and has surrounded me with his net if I cry out
surrounded me with his net if I cry out
surrounded me with his net if I cry out concerning wrong I am NOT her if I cry
concerning wrong I am NOT her if I cry
concerning wrong I am NOT her if I cry aloud there is no justice he has fenced
aloud there is no justice he has fenced
aloud there is no justice he has fenced up my way
up my way
up my way so that I cannot pass and he has said
so that I cannot pass and he has said
so that I cannot pass and he has said darkness and my parents he has stripped
darkness and my parents he has stripped
darkness and my parents he has stripped me of my glory and taken the crown from
me of my glory and taken the crown from
me of my glory and taken the crown from my head he breaks me down on every side
my head he breaks me down on every side
my head he breaks me down on every side and I am gone my hope he is uprooted
and I am gone my hope he is uprooted
and I am gone my hope he is uprooted like a tree
like a tree
like a tree he is also Kendall his wrath against me
he is also Kendall his wrath against me
he is also Kendall his wrath against me and he counts me as one of his enemies
and he counts me as one of his enemies
and he counts me as one of his enemies his troops come together and build up
his troops come together and build up
his troops come together and build up their road against me they encamped
their road against me they encamped
their road against me they encamped around my Kent he has removed my
around my Kent he has removed my
around my Kent he has removed my brothers far from me and my
brothers far from me and my
brothers far from me and my acquaintances are completely estranged
acquaintances are completely estranged
acquaintances are completely estranged from me my relatives have failed and my
from me my relatives have failed and my
from me my relatives have failed and my close friends have forgotten me those
close friends have forgotten me those
close friends have forgotten me those who dwell in my house and my
who dwell in my house and my
who dwell in my house and my maidservants company as a stranger I am
maidservants company as a stranger I am
maidservants company as a stranger I am an alien in their sight I call my
an alien in their sight I call my
an alien in their sight I call my servant when he gives no answer
servant when he gives no answer
servant when he gives no answer I beg him with my mouth my breath is
I beg him with my mouth my breath is
I beg him with my mouth my breath is offensive to my wife and I am repulsive
offensive to my wife and I am repulsive
offensive to my wife and I am repulsive to the children of my own body even
to the children of my own body even
to the children of my own body even young children despise me I arise and
young children despise me I arise and
young children despise me I arise and they speak against me all my close
they speak against me all my close
they speak against me all my close friends abhor me and those whom I love
friends abhor me and those whom I love
friends abhor me and those whom I love have turned against me my bone clings to
have turned against me my bone clings to
have turned against me my bone clings to my skin and to my flesh and I have
my skin and to my flesh and I have
my skin and to my flesh and I have escaped by the skin of my teeth
if pity on have pity on me
if pity on have pity on me own from you my friends for the hand of
own from you my friends for the hand of
own from you my friends for the hand of God had struck me why do you persecute
God had struck me why do you persecute
God had struck me why do you persecute me as God to us and are not satisfied
me as God to us and are not satisfied
me as God to us and are not satisfied with my flesh o that my words were
with my flesh o that my words were
with my flesh o that my words were written o that they were inscribed in a
written o that they were inscribed in a
written o that they were inscribed in a book that they were engraved on a rock
book that they were engraved on a rock
book that they were engraved on a rock with an iron pen and let forever but I
with an iron pen and let forever but I
with an iron pen and let forever but I know that my redeemer lives and he shall
know that my redeemer lives and he shall
know that my redeemer lives and he shall stand at last on the earth and after my
stand at last on the earth and after my
stand at last on the earth and after my skin is destroyed this I know that in my
skin is destroyed this I know that in my
skin is destroyed this I know that in my flesh I shall see God whom I shall see
flesh I shall see God whom I shall see
flesh I shall see God whom I shall see for myself and my eyes shall behold and
for myself and my eyes shall behold and
for myself and my eyes shall behold and not another
my heart yearns within me if you should
my heart yearns within me if you should say how should we persecute him since
say how should we persecute him since
say how should we persecute him since the root of the matter is found in me be
the root of the matter is found in me be
the root of the matter is found in me be afraid of the sword for yourselves for
afraid of the sword for yourselves for
afraid of the sword for yourselves for wrath brings the punishment of the sword
wrath brings the punishment of the sword
wrath brings the punishment of the sword that you may know there is at judgment
that you may know there is at judgment
that you may know there is at judgment [Music]